Let's have a look at the @Value annotation.
The @Value annotation is an annotation available in Spring
for specifying default values or injecting values into
fields of Spring managed beans.
It can be placed in fields, methods,
and constructor parameters to specify default values.
In an annotation-based Spring configuration,
we can write SpEL expressions inside of @Value
annotation for dynamic bean wiring.
Let's look at a few examples.
You can see here how a string field, name,
and an int field, age, have been set with two literal values,
a string and an integer respectively using the @Value annotation.
If you can remember in module 1,
I told you that when using SpEL with annotations,
the syntax is to use a has symbol followed by a pair of curly
braces within which we write our expression.
So that's exactly what we've done here.
This is how we use the @Value annotation on a method with SpEL to set a
default value to the timeZone property of our User bean.
Remember, you saw how this was done using plain Java code in module 1.
In this, we are using the @Value annotation in constructor parameters,
country,
and language once again with SpEL expressions to
initialize them with default values.
Well, these are just a few of the examples.
There are more usages of the @Value annotation with SpEL, which you will see in the upcoming demos.